Alexander Williams
	7707 Sycamore Avenue
Elkins Park, PA 19090 
267-378-5088 
alwilliam345@gmail.com 
	EXPERIENCE

Arcadia University, IT Assistant — Information Technology     JUNE 2023 - AUGUST 2023
Paid Internship where workers were taught the basics of how the IT Department functions. Workers can choose to operate a variety of roles, including events and maintenance. 

Temple University, Virtual Program— Electrical Engineering JULY 2021 - AUGUST 2021 
Electrical Engineering program in which students built and programmed their own robots. Students get sent parts to build their own robot, then get instructions on how to program and operate it. 

Urban Apps and Maps, Temple University — Summer Program 
JULY 2019 - AUGUST 2019 
Program in which students had to make an application for a smartphone and present its uses. Students are taught step-by-step on how to do this, with the instructors providing guidance and assistance throughout the program.

Urban Apps and Maps, Land Title Building — Poetry Division JUNE 2018 - AUGUST 2018 
Second division out of four, in which students learned the basics of poetry and wrote their own poems. Students learn advanced writing skills with the help of the instructors.
EDUCATION



Arcadia University, CS Major — Bachelor’s Degree 
AUGUST 2022 - PRESENT
Private college that prioritizes student well-being and study abroad programs. Offers many tools to assist students, including health and learning resources. College also allows students to stay in close contact with their instructors and advisors to ensure a smooth learning experience. 


Gateway 101, Arcadia University — Summer Program 
JUNE 2022 - AUGUST 2022 
Program in which incoming students to Arcadia University familiarize themselves with college life and have assistance from mentors. Students get a head start by obtaining credits upon completion of the program. Students can choose to participate in a Speech and Communications class or an English class, with all students required to participate in a class run by the leaders of the Gateway program.

G. W. Carver HSES Philadelphia, PA — High School Diploma    SEPTEMBER 2018 - MAY 2022
High School located in northern Philadelphia, which has obtained Blue Ribbon Medal and is amongst the top schools in the city.  School offers students skills that are paramount in adapting to college life. School prepares students for the AP Exams and offers many different AP courses across its departments.

Cedar Grove Christian Academy, Philadelphia, PA - Middle School Diploma 
SEPTEMBER 2009 - MAY 2018 
Small school near Lawndale, Philadelphia, PA in which I attended from Pre-Kindergarten to the 8th Grade and graduated with a Middle School Diploma. School prepares offers students a variety of skills needed to prepare for high school. 



	SKILLS
Excels at using computers, programming, creating PowerPoints 
Can play multiple lower brass instruments, including but not limited to trombone, trumpet, and tuba 
Sufficient in the Java Programming Language
Sufficient in HTML and CSS
LANGUAGES
English, Italian (In Progress)